=pod

=head1 NAME

Tarp::Style::Plugin -- how Tarp::Style plugins work

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This document is a guide to writing plugins for Tarp::Style.

=head2 C<< Tarp::Style->import >>

Tarp::Style provides an import method, which takes a list of plugins (modules)
to be loaded. The plugin mechanism is similar to that used by C<Module::Starter>
in that the given modules are arranged in an I<is-a> chain. Like
Module::Starter, Tarp::Style subclasses the last plugin given, which subclasses
the second-to-last, up to the first plugin given, which is the base class.
Unlike Module::Starter, however, the first plugin always inherits
Tarp::Style::Base. Also, the import() method can be called repeatedly to add
more and more plugins to the C<is-a> chain. The default chain is imported by
'using' Tarp::Style:

    use Tarp::Style;
    
    # inheritance chain:
    # (bottom) Tarp::Style::Base --> Tarp::Style (top)

    Tarp::Style->import( "Foo::Style" );
    
    # (b) Tarp::Style::Base --> Foo::Style --> Tarp::Style (t)
    
    Tarp::Style->import( "Bar::Style" );
    
    # (b) Tarp::Style::Base --> Foo::Style --> Bar::Style --> Tarp::Style (t)

Because of the inheritance mechanism, any methods exposed by the plugins are
available to the Tarp::Style object.

Another feature of Tarp::Style plugins is that you can load a I<specialization>
of a style plugin by importing it in the same call.  For example,
Tarp::Style::ITM::NLR is a specialization of Tarp::Style::ITM that deals
only with (Number/Letter/Roman) lists.  This is imported as,

    Tarp::Style->import( "Tarp::Stle::ITM", "Tarp::Style::ITM::NLR" );

Once imported as shown, subsequent imports of "Tarp::Style::ITM" will be ignored.
This allows you to set the numbering style globally.

When a new Tarp::Style object is created with new(), the object "remembers" the
class that was next to last in the inheritance chain (just below Tarp::Style).
This is to ensure that no imports are performed between the invocation of a new
object and calls to load(), save(), loadString() and saveString() that may be
affected by loading a style plugin.


=cut